there's a third of British Colombians
looking at leaving the province because
they can't make a go of it in a province
that is so rich that's got so much to
offer and yet this is what has happened
from poor government policies driving up
the cost of the basics food energy
housing and they're saying wait a second
here I can't ever hope to buy a home I
can't raise a family why why would I
stay here I'm going to go find another
place to be able to build my life and
that's what British Columbia actually
was founded on was people from other
parts of the world that had those
problems and said let's to British
Columbia because I can build a life
there and it's now fli and so this is
what needs to change and fundamentally
it has to change at the political level
in order for it to be able to change
throughout Society